You threw the pot directly at me
Now the board wants me to step down
What to do now
I warned you to stay away from Chen Lin
You have to listen
I can help you.
But I want 10% of the temporary company shares
Crazy about money
I finally got that from you
It's up to you.
I said it's a big deal, the same ending
But you have to make sure you can solve it.
Don't worry, Chen Lin's little tricks still scare me
From today onwards
Get out of this house
Now the temporary aunt's company is facing listing failure
It will crash at the company in the future
Who do you think you can rely on?
Is the group president
He will be interviewed at the company gate in the future
Guys, I'm giving 10% of the company to my wife
As a gift
Our bond is unbreakable.
He can prove my innocence
Other things that don't exist
It will never affect the listing of our company.
Please rest assured to inject capital
Thanks.
He would be willing to give you the shares
Oops I told you
I am more reliable than my relationship with future interests
Is that right, Aunt Wang Yi?
Then have you ever heard a saying
Skynet is back
Uncle
What do you mean?
It means nothing
Just to remind you
Too much walking at night
Sooner or later
you
The video in the lady's white phone was successfully restored.
Future uncle
I want you to meet.